The biggest tech sales opportunity in 2014 is the emerging digital curriculum market.   Decisions to meet Standards and new Testing requirements and the choice of curriculum will be influencing all other tech purchasing. 
 
How big is the Digital Curriculum Market in the U.S.?   Already $901 Million in K12 and $104 M in Higher Ed, but rising steeply to usurp the $22.2 Billion curriculum resources market – and influence the other $24.8 Billion in regular tech spend. 
 
Sell and promote through the Learning Counsel in 2014 to reach budget authorities in schools who are influencing:
·         Digital curriculum
·         Testing & Assessment technology
·         Learning management systems
·         Student information systems
·         Massive device purchases
·         Digital Storage & Cloud
·         Networks
·         Telecom
·         Security and access
·         and all manner of classroom devices.
 
The Learning Counsel is advancing new leadership around Digital Curriculum Strategy.  We’re presenting a series of one-day events in 14 cities in 2014 as schools’ device conversations turn to digital curriculum concerns.   These “discussion” meetings are already attracting the attention of Superintendents, Chief Academic Officers, Curriculum Directors, CIOs, CTOs, Directors of Technology, Instructional Technologists and Media/Library experts. 
 
YOU CAN SPONSOR our events, whitepapers, reports, research and online advertising.  Sign up for exclusive access so you don’t miss out on the best promotion you could ever do! 
 
Cities planned: Charleston/Columbia, SC; Houston, TX; Albuquerque, NM; Fresno, (Central CA); Chicago, IL (Naperville); San Bernardino, (Southern CA – Valley); Richmond, VA; Minneapolis, MN; Milwaukee, WI or Detroit, MI; Las Vegas, NV;  San Jose, (North Coast CA); Newark, NJ; Tucson/Santa Fe, AZ; Tampa, FL.     . 
 
YOU CAN ATTEND our events even without sponsorship for just the final hour of the day and reception for a small fee.  Sponsors have panel leadership roles or “show & discuss” sessions during the day, and get to sit in on the workshop discussion with real live Superintendents and other top curriculum and tech execs in a small meeting-style event.   
 
You can also attend our upcoming market trend briefing via a limited attendance Join.Me meeting coming soon.

These opportunities and exclusive inside information are available to our email subscribers only.